# TAC corpus

This repository contains a corpus based on the contents of abstracts in _Theory
and Applications of Categories_ (TAC) as of c. December 2020. This can be used
as a training/testing corpus for mathematical NLP and machine learning
projects.

The corpus contains the following data files:

- `tac.conll` contains an automatically annotated version of the corpus, with
  dependency structures and POS tags.
- `tac.json` contains the original corpus, in JSON format.
- `tac_metadata.json` contains the original corpus, in JSON format, with
  additional metadata such as authors and keywords.
- `tac_stats.json` contains some basic statistics about the corpus, including
  frequency of common words and parts of speech.

The `tac-experiments` folder contains a series of simple experiments evaluating
various automatic terminology extraction methods on the TAC corpus. To fully
run these experiments, you will need an installation of both
[DyGIE++](https://github.com/dwadden/dygiepp) and
[Parmenides](https://tsapps.nist.gov/publication/get_pdf.cfm?pub_id=919688).
The latter is unfortunately not freely available, but you can contact the
authors for distribution.

## Corpus statistics

There are two types of part-of-speech tags in the corpus statistics, both
generated by spaCy. The first tagset, labeled "pos" in `nlab_stats.json`,
represents course-grained part of speech and is taken from the 
[Universal POS tag set](https://universaldependencies.org/docs/u/pos/). The
second tagset, "tag", is specific to spaCy's pretrained English model. 

Details about the different tagsets, as well as other label schemes for this
model, can be found on [spaCy's website](https://spacy.io/models/en).
